What are Operating Environments?
They are clinics, units, and secondary or storage areas.
When a company wants to look at the
performance of its supply chain,
there are a great many metrics that can be used.
Each supply chain performance metric gives
a slightly different view of a piece of the supply chain.
The important decision for any company
is to prioritize which supply chain metrics are important
and how they will be used.
Many companies use supply chain performance metrics
that are easy to calculate, but may not necessarily
give a true indication of
how the supply chain is performing.
Metrics for the storage areas would consist
of the types of items in the storage area such as gloves,
the number of items in the storage area,
like 10 boxes of gloves, and the levels set for those items.
For instance, level of eight boxes,
and when the area gets below that level,
they are replenished.
Some reagents for the laboratory primary
need to be refrigerated.
They will come in a cold storage container
and are taken directly to the area to be refrigerated.
These items need to be refrigerated
to maintain their integrity until used by the service.
If they are not refrigerated,
they will deteriorate in a short time frame
and cannot be used for testing
due to the changes of acidity.
This is a great example of why metrics are needed.